Image Use Policy

Default Spitzer Space Telescope graphic.

Unless otherwise noted, images and video on Spitzer public web sites (public sites ending with a spitzer.caltech.edu address) may be used for any purpose without prior permission, subject to the special cases noted below. Publishers who wish to have authorization may print this page and retain it for their records; The Spitzer Science Center does not issue image permissions on an image by image basis.

By electing to download the material from this web site the user agrees:

1.    that Caltech makes no representations or warranties with respect to ownership of copyrights in the images, and does not represent others who may claim to be authors or owners of copyright of any of the images, and makes no warranties as to the quality of the images. Caltech shall not be responsible for any loss or expenses resulting from the use of the images, and you release and hold Caltech harmless from all liability arising from such use.
2.    to use a credit line in connection with images. Unless otherwise noted in the caption information for an image, the credit line should be "Courtesy NASA/JPL-Caltech".
3.    that the endorsement of any product or service by Caltech, JPL, or NASA must not be claimed or implied.

Special Cases:

*    Prior written approval must be obtained to use the NASA insignia logo (the blue "meatball" insignia), the NASA logotype (the red "worm" logo), and the NASA seal. These images may not be used by persons who are not NASA employees or on products (including Web pages) that are not NASA sponsored. In addition, no image may be used to explicitly or implicitly suggest endorsement by NASA, JPL, or Caltech of commercial goods or services. Requests to use NASA logos may be directed to Bert Ulrich, Public Services Division, NASA Headquarters, Code POS, Washington, DC 20546, telephone (202) 358-1713, fax (202) 358-4331, email bert.ulrich@hq.nasa.gov.
*    Prior written approval must be obtained to use the JPL logo (stylized JPL letters in red or other colors). Requests to use the JPL logo may be directed to the Television/Imaging Team Leader, Media Relations Office, Mail Stop 186-120, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena CA 91109, telephone (818) 354-5011, fax (818) 354-4537.
*    If an image includes an identifiable person, using the image for commercial purposes may infringe that person's right of privacy or publicity, and permission should be obtained from the person. NASA and JPL generally do not permit likenesses of current employees to appear on commercial products. For more information, consult the NASA and JPL points of contact listed above.
*    JPL/Caltech contractors and vendors who wish to use Spitzer images in advertising or public relation materials should direct requests to the Television/Imaging Team Leader, Media Relations Office, Mail Stop 186-120, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena CA 91109, telephone (818) 354-5011, fax (818) 354-4537.
*    Some image and video materials on Spitzer public web sites, identifiable by credit lines that do not begin with "NASA" or "NASA/JPL-Caltech," are owned by organizations other than Caltech, JPL, or NASA. These owners have agreed to make their images and video available for journalistic, educational, and personal uses, but restrictions may be placed on commercial uses. To obtain permission for commercial use, contact the copyright owner listed first in each image credit.

About High-Resolution Images

For any image which has a "High-Resolution" download option, that dowload will be the highest available resolution and the widest crop the Spitzer Science Center has available. Available resolutions can vary widely due to the nature of the Spitzer observations. The Spitzer Science Center opts not to upsource images as better results are usually attained by allowing the graphic designer or printer with the need for the higher resolution to do the upsource.

In many cases, screen-resolution counterparts are provided for high-resolution images. These are intended for online viewing and preview, and have not been optimized for print. The Spitzer Science Center recommends all publications use the high-resolution images.

In situations where a high-resolution image is not specifically provided on the website, the Spitzer Science Center does not have high-resolution versions of the image available. However, when image credit is given to sources other than JPL/Caltech, high-resolution images may be available through those other institutions, and the user is encouraged to contact them directly.
